# 线程状态
通过Thread内部的枚举类State实现，有以下几种状态

NEW：新建未启动状态，执行new Thread(..)的状态

RUNNABLE：可运行状态，ready就绪状态和running状态都是可运行状态。可以被运行，需要分配cpu时间分片

BLOCKED：阻塞状态，等待获取monitor lock（监视器锁），对应synchronized锁。
        注：lock.lock()不是该状态

WAITING：该线程等待另一个线程的特定操作。如：  Object.wait()， Thread.join,
        LockSupport.park, 注： with no timeout 无超时时间

TIMED_WAITING：有特定等待时间的线程等待。如：Thread.sleep,Object.wait(long) ，
                Thread.join(long), LockSupport.parkNanos，
                LockSupport.parkUntil

TERMINATED: 终止状态，run方法执行完及线程执行完成。


public enum State {
        /**
        * Thread state for a thread which has not yet started.
        */
        NEW,

        /**
         * Thread state for a runnable thread.  A thread in the runnable
         * state is executing in the Java virtual machine but it may
         * be waiting for other resources from the operating system
         * such as processor.
         */
        RUNNABLE,

        /**
         * Thread state for a thread blocked waiting for a monitor lock.
         * A thread in the blocked state is waiting for a monitor lock
         * to enter a synchronized block/method or
         * reenter a synchronized block/method after calling
         * {@link Object#wait() Object.wait}.
         */
        BLOCKED,

        /**
         * Thread state for a waiting thread.
         * A thread is in the waiting state due to calling one of the
         * following methods:
         * <ul>
         *   <li>{@link Object#wait() Object.wait} with no timeout</li>
         *   <li>{@link #join() Thread.join} with no timeout</li>
         *   <li>{@link LockSupport#park() LockSupport.park}</li>
         * </ul>
         *
         * <p>A thread in the waiting state is waiting for another thread to
         * perform a particular action.
         *
         * For example, a thread that has called {@code Object.wait()}
         * on an object is waiting for another thread to call
         * {@code Object.notify()} or {@code Object.notifyAll()} on
         * that object. A thread that has called {@code Thread.join()}
         * is waiting for a specified thread to terminate.
         */
        WAITING,

        /**
         * Thread state for a waiting thread with a specified waiting time.
         * A thread is in the timed waiting state due to calling one of
         * the following methods with a specified positive waiting time:
         * <ul>
         *   <li>{@link #sleep Thread.sleep}</li>
         *   <li>{@link Object#wait(long) Object.wait} with timeout</li>
         *   <li>{@link #join(long) Thread.join} with timeout</li>
         *   <li>{@link LockSupport#parkNanos LockSupport.parkNanos}</li>
         *   <li>{@link LockSupport#parkUntil LockSupport.parkUntil}</li>
         * </ul>
         */
        TIMED_WAITING,

        /**
         * Thread state for a terminated thread.
         * The thread has completed execution.
         */
        TERMINATED;
  }